Items:
Key to Gate - Shed
Book of Matches -Original Pocket
Wallet -Original Pocket
Cigarettes - IDK

Scale FOV with map and nothing should over lap.


Possible Places:

Fountain
	Prompt: Drink water (y/n)
		Possibilities:
			y - die
			n -live
Playground
	prompt investigate: swings or teetertotter
		Possibilities:
			swings -death
			teetertotter - death
			ignore - live
Dog
	prompt: barking is heard, run or keep at normal pace
		Possibilites:
			death from not running - eats face
			run away - live

Poppy Field
	prompt: walking through poppy field, start to feel sleepy.
		Possibilities:
			continue to walk -sleep and die
			turn around - live
Pond
	prompt: you see lights across the pond, go to the waters edge to investigate?
		Possibilities:
			Go to waters edge: fall in and drown or grabbed a tenticle and drown

Mud 
	prompt: you notice you have are starting to walk through mud, continue through mud or turn around
		Possibilities:
			continue through the mud and suffocate
			turn around live, but be unable to run for x amount of steps
Tree
	prompt: you see something shiny in a tree. investigate/climb?
		Possibilities:
			Climb -Fall and die, but the object falls with you
			ignore- live, but can't get object.

Matienece Shed
	prompt:	you see the landscapers shed. there could be useful objects inside. investigate? (Y/n)
		Posibilities:
			Y- enter shed. You see a key on the top shelf, with a lot of precariously placed sharp tools below. get key? 
				Y- you grab the key off the shelf but at the dame time knock on of the tools off and skewer yourself. -death
				N- Live, but you make a note that the key looks pretty important.
			N- Ignore shed live, but make a note shed looks pretty important.

Exit Gate
	prompt you see a gate in the distance. investigate?
		Possibilities:
			Y- On further inspection the gate is locked. 
			prompt: If key is in inventory, use key else try to break lock, no good, going to need key
			N- I guess youll have to find another exit.

Deaths: For each death, it would add an interaction to the place, so I guess death would be a boolean value of Place? 